fixed file resource URI, memory leak in PklPropertySourceLoader (#11)
apple/pkl-spring: samples/spring-boot-external-config/README.adoc

> = Spring Boot Example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= Spring Boot External Config Example
```

:uri-docs: https://pkl-lang.org/spring/current/spring-boot.html

> This example demonstrates how to configure a Spring Boot application with Pkl.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example demonstrates how to configure a Spring Boot application when the configuration files are placed _outside_ of the resources directory.
```
